Hi Gpt, Can you come up with excellent presentation, I will give the timelines for all the activities and my contributions to JPMorgan- Encore(2023-2025), Seal aws consolidation(2025), EMIR-rewrite(2022), Regworkbench(2019), OTC(2020), Deliveries automation(2025 May till today), LDDR(2029), Control-m-automation(2020), IVault Ida solution(2020), Sophia kerberos initiative(2019), NADC(2021), VMWAre solution(2021), MEP(2022), Hackathon(2025), Training and collaboration (2018-till date). , Before 2019 in 1018, I worked on RDC for trade enrichment process of tradesphere, rules engine etc.  With this can you come up with presentation to show my contributioin to clearing space - Liek pre joining janus, tomcat and psot spriong boot, kerberis, idasolution which been shared with moneta adfs team , and moneta is using teh solutions till date, Moneta mq wrapper on top of spring boot for c2c connectivity, Numeros participation in firm wide contributions, In clearing world after nessie, Trade cuce encore was the only module to be on-boarded to aws, starting from creatin of seal, vctc appprovals, Region approvals, Service now on-boarding, snow onboarding, creation of aws services and taking to prod for the new seal, its a gigantic effeort, so along with encore we not only moved union 2 we created the entire aws latform from scratch, with ci/cd, terraform etc within a span of 3-4 months , and this was done in 2023 before llm was formally introduced in jpmc. So many contributions to foirm wide tools such as magister workflow, aaas jobs, Moneta which is a wrapper over spring boot build in jpmc, So on. On top of that it was smart sdlc hackathon, build as a product leveraging aws's agents like claude sonnet, and bert and using custom lambads as mcp, the smart sdlc could have solved the entire life cycle of a requirement starting from project requirements, archir-tect, integration to snow, jira etc, creating function/non/fuction requirements, story points with multi stage approvals, and finally creating blueprints of projects with wworking ci/cd and terraform till production environment. and current focus on AI automation of dailt takss using bedrock and poc is being worked on by me/team on deliveries automation. On top of this I also worked on client experience during app modernization in theoiir charging module to move it to spring bot and the same has been emulated by the client experience team for other modules, and this was got traction from Shola, Sumit and Mario. Pic-2,3,4,4 are samples of other guy whoc has done features, while I have buoild multiple projects from scratch and solved many regular issues for firmwide solutions, like aged emi solution within emr etc taken it from my screenshot pic-1. Also highlight my contributions on cloud clincs and architecture, goveranace forum. With John tylor and VVarun worked on a firm wide solution for ELT process using a common glue module but unforyunately that got delayed and never materialised. PLease come up with a best looking presentation , am trying for vp-2 position need to impress a lot of guys. Also I have worked with Sambit who is a expert in UI and shared many ideas to come up with reusable temapltes in markets toolkit and thge same has been puclished by him. Pic-1 is my work. and pic-2 till pic-5 are someone else presentation, But I would need a much better presentation as a lead. Pic-6: list of certificates done by me, and explain little bit about each certification but limit all these certifications to in 1-2 slides only . avoid words like champion/master etc, use worrds like contributor, out of box thinker etc. , try to look humble in the presentation yet powerful.
